match won by the team of
angels galaxy xolos de tijuana 1 por 0
a totally circumstantial goal in a
bounce of robbie keane that can not
control and I would have say sorry no
divide the party and santi would say better
first time of solos for being a pardon
better with galaxy time better
second time and we there have
the actions of the goal is the center of
marcelo a bad reception of robbie
keane that leaves no possibility of power
cut the advance to gandolfi that was coming
being the crossing is passed to gandolfi the
ball is left samuel and hits
just right leg with all
the ease to convert the goal this
it was in the 12th minute of the first time
then came an important pressure for
part of solos in the second half
plays like this one were outside the
place but that showed good
moment that jaime penedo lives that he did
interesting things like this shot of
cristian pellerano who sent
china now attention well studied the
team of Caesar Farias by Bruce Arena
because they win they were caught outside
place several times did not enter the type to
benedetto and the team had even more
mobility in front and were close to
tie the match in autogol with a
penedo error that then composes it with
a reaction if the center
benedetto bounces on omar gonzález and
when the good goal was already chanted
reaction of the archer penetrated this
was close to omar gonzález as they are
gandolfi who ends it by pulling out of the
line marcelo yes sir and if I was going to
in was right was the only one that
auction that we saw on the goal of
Cyril in second time and is again
gandolfi to good gandolfi hits him well
To the ball
the santi result does not define anything for
the grade
Hercules does not come in it will be for more
will be one of the last ones are presented
very good center of greg house the auction
of allied hercules deviated from giving the
hand to the technicians and the key no doubt
as he mentions it raúl is
totally open for the next
Tuesday yes sir